330 charge category credit refund (#355)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/chargeclassification.md

> # Charge Classification

Reviewer: It's almost like the purpose of the charge.

Author: We could move this to transaction type

Author: other option is transaction category

> # Charge Classification

Reviewer 2: Recommend changing the name of this column to `Charge Class`.  It's shorter and means the same thing.  I have not scrubbed the entire file to reflect this; I would want to get buy-in first.

Author: please see comment above current preferred option is 'Transaction Category'

Author: updated to charge class in 29.3.24 please let me know if there are other alternate suggestions

> A Charge Classification indicates whether the row represents a regular cost record or a correction record. Charge Classification is a supplemental detail to the [Charge Category](#chargecategory). It provides additional context to describe the nature of the charge.

Reviewer 2: I don't love this verbiage because, ultimately, it has no relationship to Charge Category.  Yes, we've talked ad nauseum about this column in the context of Charge Category -- but they have a many-to-many relationship.  I believe we can skip any reference to Charge Category and simply say something like:

```suggestion
A Charge Classification indicates whether the row represents a regular billed line item or a correction to one or more previously billed line items.

```

The ChargeClassification column MUST be present and MUST NOT be null. This column is of type String and MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column ID

ChargeClassification

## Display Name

Charge Classification

## Description

> Indicates whether the row represents regular charges, or is a correction to previoulsly billed line items.

Reviewer 2: Typo.  Also, grammar change.

```suggestion
Indicates whether the row represents a regular billed line item or a correction to one or more previously billed line items.

```

## Content Constraints

| Constraint      | Value          |
| :-------------- | :------------- |
| Column type     | Dimension      |
| Column required | True           |
| Allows nulls    | False          |
| Data type       | String         |
| Value format    | Allowed values |

Allowed values:

| Value      | Description                          |
| :--------- | :------------------------------------|           |

> | Regular     | Regular billing line item  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Regular     | Normal charge  |

```

> | Correction    | Correction to a previously billed line item       |

Reviewer 2: I think we need to handle for the concept of bulk refunds, thus the "one or more" language.

```suggestion
| Correction    | Correction to one or more previously billed line items       |

```

# Charge Classification

> A Charge Classification indicates whether the row represents a regular charge or a correction to one or more previous charges.

Reviewer 3: I don't view a "Credit" or "Tax" as a regular charge or 
a correction, so maybe ... "a regular, supporting, one-time, or correcting charge to one or more previous previous charges."

Author: this category is currently somewhat limited as we are trying to support two modes of refund, ideally we would like refunds to be included under the 'usage' category however we need to identify bulk adjustments also

Reviewer 4: I'm interpreting Chris's comment as "Regular" not being a great term to describe the typical charges we see. I definitely feel that way. Some potential alternatives:
- Standard (may be confused with PricingCategory)
- Baseline
- Base
- Original
- Conventional

Author: Hey this adjustment was made and approved for merge on the previous joint WG call, these suggestions could be opened as an issue

The ChargeClassification column MUST be present and MUST NOT be null. This column is of type String and MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column ID

ChargeClassification

## Display Name

Charge Classification

## Description

Indicates whether the row represents a regular charge or a correction to one or more previous charges.

## Content Constraints

| Constraint      | Value          |
| :-------------- | :------------- |
| Column type     | Dimension      |
| Column required | True           |
| Allows nulls    | False          |
| Data type       | String         |
| Value format    | Allowed values |

Allowed values:

| Value      | Description                          |
| :--------- | :------------------------------------|           |

> | Regular     | Normal charge  |

Reviewer 3: As I insinuated above, just having "Regular" and "Correction" seems too abstract

Author: I mean a good alternative we had is outlined in the supporting content option 3 i don't know if you feel this is any better?
https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/blob/330-Charge-Category-Credit-Refund/supporting_content/columns/chargecategory.md#option-3

Author: Hey @cnharris10 following the discussion on 23.3 are you ok with the amendments in the PR

Reviewer 4: Some potential alternatives:
- Standard (may be confused with PricingCategory)
- Baseline
- Base
- Original
- Conventional

Author: Hey this adjustment was made and approved for merge on the previous joint WG call, these suggestions could be opened as an issue
